Use ZEIT Now over Now (#1598)
zeit/docs: README.md

This repository is broken down into several sections, these include:

- [Components](https://github.com/zeit/docs/tree/master/components) - a collection of reusable components to be used when creating documentation

> - [Documentation](https://github.com/zeit/docs/tree/master/pages/docs) - the documentation for both ZEIT Now v1 and v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Documentation](https://github.com/zeit/docs/tree/master/pages/docs) - the documentation for both ZEIT Now 1.0 and 2.0
```

> - [Guides](https://github.com/zeit/docs/tree/master/pages/guides) - guides created to show how to use ZEIT Now v2 in a variety of ways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Guides](https://github.com/zeit/docs/tree/master/pages/guides) - guides created to show how to use ZEIT Now 2.0 in a variety of ways
```
